First Create Firebase project 	
1: Enter project name 
2: Choose whether you want google analytics 
3: Add a web app 
4: Is where you grab the sdk package for your firebase java script file 

Documentation on getting our website to be deployed live on internet for public using this domain
   https://achesonathletics.com
First went to google domains and bought< .com > for $12 for Achesonathletics 
Followed this YouTube tutorial with some tweaks to it along the way https://youtu.be/VTltcz0l5Ho

1.	Login into firebase console for project console 
2.	Go to hosting function 
3.	Go to Add custom domain 
4.	Type in purchased domain achsesonathletics.com
5.	Verify address 
6.	Then in the Quick Set up copy record type and value from that window
7.	Go back to Google domains 	
    a.	Go into DNS 
    b.	Manage a custom record 
    c.	For Host name enter achesonathletics.com, then for record type put in A, then for data put in the value copied over from firebase 
    d.	Save 

Now within the VS code console got into Terminal -- Make sure you use a GitBash Terminal 
    Any team memeber within project gitbash terminal put in ---- firebase deploy
        Firebase will scan in all files in public folder and deploy it to the hosting site on project 
        We originally had an issue with how the deploy was reading in files because it wasn’t  referencing our Dump folder(public folder) properly 




                //How I fixed our view referencing:
                Initially, we had view references like this: /dump/views/Home.html

                This was resulting in errors, as the code was attempting to find a dump folder within dump. This occurred because dump was assigned as the public folder, 
                therefore anything outside of dump doesn't exist. In fact, dump doesn't even exist in the code's case. 

                With this in mind, any references to a file from within just the dump folder (i.e. index.html) should look like this: views/Home.html

                However, if you are trying to make a reference to a file from a file within another folder within dump, you should format your references like this: ../views/Home.html

                This is because if you were to format it like you would within index.html, it would look for a folder within the folder that file is located. 
                For example, if you were trying to reference home.css from Home.html, using css/home.html as the reference, It would look for a folder called "css" within the views folder that 
                Home.html is in. Instead, using ../css/home.css tells the code to look for a folder called css within the root folder (which is dump btw).

                To wrap up, to reference a file from a file within a folder within dump, use ../file.html or ../folder/file.html
                and to reference a file from a file within the root folder (dump), use file.html or folder/file.html
